feat(SASS mixins): media queries mixins now uses 0.1px instead of 1px to avoid overlap (#3985)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/helpers/sass.mdx

Use the `allAbove`, `allBelow` and `allBetween` mixins to add media queries to your css.

> To avoid overlapping media queries we add `0.00625` to the minimum width. This is adds `0.1px` to any `em` size. If you send in a different unit than `em` you will probably need to make adjustments if you want to avoid an overlap (`0.00625px` is too small to avoid an overlap)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent overlapping media queries, `0.00625em` gets added to the minimum width. This results in an increment of approximately `0.1px` when using `em` units. If you're using a unit other than `em`, you may need to adjust this value accordingly, as `0.00625px` is typically too small to effectively prevent overlaps.
```
